
The SliceManagementPackage needs only a entry points into your experiment.

The following scripts will be run AS THE SLICE USER, not as root.  If the
actions of 'install', for instance, require elevated privileges, then they must
first be taken with 'sudo' or some other mechanism.

The CWD will be the root of the package directory.
    i.e. /home/mlab_slice/current/*

Every version deployed to your slice will be saved, and the current version will
always be under current/*, where '*' is the root of content of your slice
archive.

Example scripts:

    install - optional.  

              If your experiment requires additional one-time configuration such
              as installation of dependent packages, setup of config files in
              httpd or other, this is the place to do it.  This script should be
              idempotent; it should be possible to run it repeatedly without ill
              effect.  'install' will be run every time a new version of your
              slice package is installed.  But, if package dependencies have
              already been installed, then it is not necessary to repeat them,
              or new dependencies may have been added in the new version.

    start - required. 

            This script should start any processes needed by your service.
              
    stop -  required.
            
            This script should gracefully stop any processes that were started
            by your service.  After this script returns, a more, let's say,
            assertive script will forcibly stop any processes remaining that are
            not part of the slice management packages.

    status - optional, encouraged

            This script should return a status for the running service suitable
            for input to Nagios.  By default, service status is just the number
            of processes running.  You are encouraged to provide a more
            meaningful indication of service health and liveness.  This will
            assist you when observing the status of your service across M-Lab
            and it will assist M-Lab operators who may see issues first.
